add "tox -e ci" to developer doc. (#2105)
mopidy/mopidy: docs/devenv.rst

To upgrade the development tools in the future, just rerun the exact same
command.

.. tip::

>     This command often fails on a mac, in that case please run::

Reviewer: I don't think there's any "often" about this. It just depends if you have all the dependencies installed.

We try to avoid littering generic docs with platform specific installation instructions. We do need to address the fact that everyone (mac or otherwise) needs the non-Python graphviz dependencies in order to build the documentation. I'm not sure where best to put it.

To upgrade the development tools in the future, just rerun the exact same
command.

> 

Reviewer: Did you mean to remove the line?

Reviewer: I can put it back, just want to check before I do....

Author: please, that was a mistake.

To learn more, see the `tox documentation <https://tox.readthedocs.io/>`_ .

> Before submitting a pull request, we recommend running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before submitting a pull request, we recommend running::
```

Author: Good catch, committed, thanks.

    tox -e ci

> This will run the tests that ci runs and thus make it more likely the pull request
> gets green light from CI. **Remark** We do not review/merge pull requests with CI
> errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will locally run similar tests to what we use in our CI runs and help us to merge high-quality contributions.
```
